FIX: Correct fNIRS interpolation with reordered picks (#13856)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/13856.bugfix.rst

> Fixed an indexing bug in ``_interpolate_bads_nirs`` that could use the wrong donor channels when :func:`mne.io.Raw.interpolate_bads` interpolated fNIRS channels reordered by ``_validate_nirs_info``, by :newcontrib:`Kalle Makela`.

Reviewer: We should only refer to public-facing APIs, so
```suggestion
Fixed an indexing bug in fNIRS support in :meth:`mne.io.BaseRaw.interpolate_bads` (and related methods) that could errantly use incorrect donor channels, by :newcontrib:`Kalle Makela`.
```
